the easiest way to get more blog traffic
if your blog isn't generating traffic
it's not the time to abandon it all
together instead it's the time to
resuscitate it there are over a billion
blogs out there how can you expect yours
to stand out businesses with blogs
experience twice as much email traffic
as those that don't have one websites
that have a Blog are shown to have
434 more index pages meaning if you blog
your content will show up on searches
which means more traffic and according
to HubSpot marketers who prioritize blog
marketing are 13x more likely to see a
positive return on their investment so
what should you be doing when you want
to get more of that beautiful traffic
here are some simple strategies that
just work before I go into it though I
have a question for you have you heard
of the site quora quora is a site that
has answers to everything it's so
popular that it's the 59th most popular
site in the world according to similar
web and it gets roughly 788 million
visitors a month that's not that many
right all jokes aside we would all love
that traffic because it's a lot of
traffic so let's say if you were
wondering how hard is it to be Olympian
cor has a whole thread that breaks down
how hard it is to be one if you're
wondering why humans can't survive on
Venus cor will tell you why think of it
as a site that answers any question that
you may have and people search for
questions a lot according to data in
Uber suggest roughly 8.1% of all
searches on Google are questions that
may not seem like a lot of searches but
to put it in perspective there are
roughly 8.5 billion searches that take
place on Google each day if 88.1% of
those are questions that's roughly 6 88
million searches for questions a day
that's roughly 251 billion searches a
year from people who are looking for
answers to their question now that's a
lot of searches with your blog if you
can answer all the PO questions that
people are searching for you can
generate millions of visitors like quora
too but unlike quora you won't want to
answer questions on every topic instead
you should answer questions that people
have related to the your target so for
example I own an ad agency called MP
digital so I would want to answer all
the questions that people have related
to marketing because that is what will
help my company generate more customers
and if I answer the questions for people
searching for marketing related
questions it also helps them and it
connects the dots and hopefully more
people will turn to my Ad Agency NP
digital where by the way we are agency
of the year but the real question is how
do you find all the popular questions
that people are searching for within
your industry so let's break it down
step one go to answerthepublic.com
step two type in the keyword related to
your industry on answer the public keep
in mind one to two word phrases produce
the best results step three answer the
public will show you all the popular
questions people will type in related to
that term step four I want you to take
all the questions and Google them so
look for all the ones that are related
to your industry that you think people
will be typing in and as the public
Sears and buy popularity take notes of
all the ones that you Googled and look
at those pages see what's good about
them what's bad and make note of it step
five I want you to start creating
content that answers each of those
questions use what the competition does
as a guiding Point typically if a page
or a site is ranked high on Google it
means people like that content
of course you don't want to copy them
instead you want to one up them and
create even better content step six
create hundreds if not thousands of blog
posts answering those questions each
post won't generate you that much
traffic but by having thousands of pages
like this it'll generate you thousands
of visitors if not potentially Millions
over time step seven repeat this whole
process using answer the public but I
want you to try other keywords relate to
your space just like how I typed in
digital marketing as a key word the
first time I may repeat the process for
terms like marketing or SEO or even
terms like Ad Agency or Performance
Marketing in essence the list just goes
on and on and on and this is how you
create a site that answers thousands if
not millions of popular questions over
time one thing to note about answer the
public it is that it's sorting questions
by popularity so the ones recommended
typically are the most popular and are
going to generate you the most traffic
now if you want my team to just do all
this for you check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you have questions leave a
comment below if you enjoy the video
share it tell the people about it and
subscribe thank you